follow-up actions and recording (#78)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4053bis: draft-iab-rfc4053bis.md

to manually forward it to the right groups and inform the liaison manager or
the IAB so that informal feedback can be provided to the sender for the future.

> The person recording the statement should also consider itself as the assignee to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The person recording the statement should also consider themself as the assignee to
```

ensure any follow-up action, including potentially sending a response, are taken,
if needed, or find another assignee, such a working group chair or area director.

> Further, while not mandatorily required, it is recommend to also record publicly an actions taken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, while it is not mandatory, it is recommend to also record publicly an actions taken
```

based on a received statement.
If a reply is sent for the received statement, this automatically creates a public record.

> If other actions are taken, it should be considered to record that in a linked tool or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If other actions are taken, they should be recorded in a linked tool or
```
